it is the year 8012 half a century since
colonization efforts first began on the
planet 80 and 3 the colonists soon found
they had to battle the native hatred for
control of the planets thermal energy
these colonists came to be known as no
pirates
frigid environment what does this mean
for the planet and thus no virus
residing on
calling all snow pirates on EDM three I
have a warning of utmost urgency the
military forces you know as netic are
planning something that will be
catastrophic
I know this because I used to work for
nothing
I believe in their goal to bring order
to this planet
and the true aims have always been to
amass thermal energy
that is why I abandoned now they're
trying to awaken the slumbering over G
acred that lies beneath the planet's
surface and this will unleash massive
amounts of thermal energy Nemec will
take all this thermal energy and then
abandon the planet to its fate that is
not if netic is not stopped and we do
not prevent the awakening of the over G
then the sudden and terrible
introduction of such a large
energy will set off a reaction that will
freeze this planet to its very core and
kill everyone and everything living
to all snow pirates on e the m3 if you
can hear my voice then I beseech you to
put aside your differences and stand
with me as one for the better part of a
century you assumed that any land you
had could be lost at any time and if
that happened you would just start over
somewhere else but there is nowhere else
this time
our place is here on this planet
our ancestors built a place for
themselves here thanks to their
indomitable spirit for the strength of
their resolve
to tap into that same resolve to protect
what they struggled to build
let us show NEVEC what happens when they
threatened our home
you want some
keep moving
that barrier
you